README.md, before:

# Hi! 👋🏼

I'm a passionate computer polyglot 👨🏼‍💻 (at the moment mostly full-stack) from 🇵🇱\
that loves everything tech, IT, ICT and programming related!

## 🛠 Working on

- A React Native app that makes running small to medium businesses easier!
- A couple *top secret* side projects 😎
- My portfolio website
- Writing articles
- **Getting a job 😅**

## 📚 Learning

- Docker 🐳
- Node
- Vue

## 📈 Stats

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?show_icons=true&username=ErykDarnowski&theme=monokai&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" height="150" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=ErykDarnowski&theme=monokai&hide_border=true" height="150" />
</div>

## 💻 How I work

<div align="center">
  <img src="./assets/winfetch.png" />
  <br>
  /
  <br>  
  <img src="./assets/neofetch.png" />
  <br>
  +
  <br>  
  <img src="./assets/net_speed.png" />
  <br>
  +
  <br>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="bash logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/unix/unix-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="unix logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/apple/apple-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="apple logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/android/android-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="android logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vim/vim-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="vim logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="vscode logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="figma logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/illustrator/illustrator-plain.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="illustrator logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="photoshop logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/aftereffects/aftereffects-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="aftereffects logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/premierepro/premierepro-plain.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="premierepro logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/filezilla/filezilla-plain.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="filezilla logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ssh/ssh-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="ssh logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="git logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="github logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/markdown/markdown-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="markdown logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="html5 logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="css3 logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="javascript logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="typescript logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="nodejs logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/npm/npm-original-wordmark.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="npm logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="react logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="redux logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jquery/jquery-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="jquery logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/babel/babel-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="babel logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/webpack/webpack-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="webpack logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="docker logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/apache/apache-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="apache logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nginx/nginx-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="nginx logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="csharp logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="java logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/kotlin/kotlin-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="kotlin logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="php logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="python logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/swift/swift-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="swift logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="mongodb logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="mysql logo" />
</div>

## 👷🏻‍♂️ Proud contributor

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Anarios/return-youtube-dislike">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=ErykDarnowski&theme=monokai&hide_border=true&repo=return-youtube-dislike" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/thebergamo/react-native-fbsdk-next">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=ErykDarnowski&theme=monokai&hide_border=true&repo=react-native-fbsdk-next" />
  </a>
</div>

<!--
## 📝 Blog posts (hopefully I'll get to writing soon 😅)

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-read-medium-git-main.pahlevikun.vercel.app/latest?limit=4&username=@erykdarnowski&theme=dark" alt="Layout with last medium posts" />
</div>

-->
## 🌐 Socials

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/eryk.darnowski/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Facebook&logo=facebook&label=&color=1877F2&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="40" alt="facebook logo" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/erykdarnowski/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Instagram&logo=instagram&label=&color=E4405F&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="40" alt="instagram logo" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/erykdarnowski">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Twitter&logo=twitter&label=&color=1DA1F2&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="40" alt="twitter logo" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/eryk-darnowski-12981a228/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=LinkedIn&logo=linkedin&label=&color=0077B5&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="40" alt="linkedin logo" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://medium.com/@erykdarnowski">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Medium&logo=medium&label=&color=12100E&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="40" alt="medium logo"/>
  </a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://wakatime.com/@ErykDarnowski"><img src="https://wakatime.com/badge/user/b1117edb-fe95-4f32-86dc-c2ec70524094.svg?style=for-the-badge" height="37"  alt="wakatime logo" /></a>
</div>

## 📞 Reach me

- ✉ <a href="mailto:contact@erykdarnowski.pl">contact@erykdarnowski.pl</a>
- 👔 <a href="https://www.erykdarnowski.pl">Portfolio</a>

## ⚡Fun facts

- I use VIM 😱
- My current speed typing record is ~`126`WPM / ~`628`CPM (QWERTY + monkeytype)
<!--
- A couple years back I was trying out Unreal Engine 4 and thing is you needed to create an Epic account in order to use it. I did that with the username `Eryk` and though nothing of it. A few years go by, Epic releases the Epic Launcher, later Fortnite and now I have over 800 friend requests on there 🤯 (presumably because of my unusual username). 😅
-->

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/ErykDarnowski/count.svg?" />
</div>

Commit message:

Add info about Rubik's cubes

README.md, after:

# Hi! 👋🏼

I'm a passionate computer polyglot 👨🏼‍💻 (at the moment mostly full-stack) from 🇵🇱\
that loves everything tech, IT, ICT and programming related!

## 🛠 Working on

- A React Native app that makes running small to medium businesses easier!
- A couple *top secret* side projects 😎
- My portfolio website
- Writing articles
- **Getting a job 😅**

## 📚 Learning

- Docker 🐳
- Node
- Vue

## 📈 Stats

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?show_icons=true&username=ErykDarnowski&theme=monokai&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" height="150" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=ErykDarnowski&theme=monokai&hide_border=true" height="150" />
</div>

## 💻 How I work

<div align="center">
  <img src="./assets/winfetch.png" />
  <br>
  /
  <br>  
  <img src="./assets/neofetch.png" />
  <br>
  +
  <br>  
  <img src="./assets/net_speed.png" />
  <br>
  +
  <br>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="bash logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/unix/unix-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="unix logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/apple/apple-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="apple logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/android/android-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="android logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vim/vim-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="vim logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="vscode logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="figma logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/illustrator/illustrator-plain.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="illustrator logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="photoshop logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/aftereffects/aftereffects-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="aftereffects logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/premierepro/premierepro-plain.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="premierepro logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/filezilla/filezilla-plain.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="filezilla logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ssh/ssh-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="ssh logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="git logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="github logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/markdown/markdown-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="markdown logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="html5 logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="css3 logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="javascript logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="typescript logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="nodejs logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/npm/npm-original-wordmark.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="npm logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="react logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="redux logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jquery/jquery-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="jquery logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/babel/babel-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="babel logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/webpack/webpack-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="webpack logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="docker logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/apache/apache-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="apache logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nginx/nginx-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="nginx logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="csharp logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="java logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/kotlin/kotlin-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="kotlin logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="php logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="python logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/swift/swift-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="swift logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="mongodb logo" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" height="31" width="42" alt="mysql logo" />
</div>

## 👷🏻‍♂️ Proud contributor

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Anarios/return-youtube-dislike">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=ErykDarnowski&theme=monokai&hide_border=true&repo=return-youtube-dislike" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/thebergamo/react-native-fbsdk-next">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=ErykDarnowski&theme=monokai&hide_border=true&repo=react-native-fbsdk-next" />
  </a>
</div>

<!--
## 📝 Blog posts (hopefully I'll get to writing soon 😅)

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-read-medium-git-main.pahlevikun.vercel.app/latest?limit=4&username=@erykdarnowski&theme=dark" alt="Layout with last medium posts" />
</div>

-->
## 🌐 Socials

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/eryk.darnowski/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Facebook&logo=facebook&label=&color=1877F2&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="40" alt="facebook logo" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/erykdarnowski/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Instagram&logo=instagram&label=&color=E4405F&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="40" alt="instagram logo" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/erykdarnowski">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Twitter&logo=twitter&label=&color=1DA1F2&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="40" alt="twitter logo" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/eryk-darnowski-12981a228/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=LinkedIn&logo=linkedin&label=&color=0077B5&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="40" alt="linkedin logo" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://medium.com/@erykdarnowski">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Medium&logo=medium&label=&color=12100E&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="40" alt="medium logo"/>
  </a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://wakatime.com/@ErykDarnowski"><img src="https://wakatime.com/badge/user/b1117edb-fe95-4f32-86dc-c2ec70524094.svg?style=for-the-badge" height="37"  alt="wakatime logo" /></a>
</div>

## 📞 Reach me

- ✉ <a href="mailto:contact@erykdarnowski.pl">contact@erykdarnowski.pl</a>
- 👔 <a href="https://www.erykdarnowski.pl">Portfolio</a>

## ⚡Fun facts

- I use VIM 😱
- I know how to solve a few Rubik's cubes (2x2 and 3x3) 🧊
- My current speed typing record is ~`126`WPM / ~`628`CPM (QWERTY + monkeytype)
<!--
- A couple years back I was trying out Unreal Engine 4 and thing is you needed to create an Epic account in order to use it. I did that with the username `Eryk` and though nothing of it. A few years go by, Epic releases the Epic Launcher, later Fortnite and now I have over 800 friend requests on there 🤯 (presumably because of my unusual username). 😅
-->

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/ErykDarnowski/count.svg?" />
</div>
